Bleeba, bleeba, beeps, bleee!
Before this video begins, Origin PC has an exciting announcement!
It is true,
They have announced their brand new thin laptops.
Oooh.
So thin ...
They are thin, they are light,
But they are also equipped with real time,
ray tracing, technology
*noise*
If you don't know what that means
Just don't worry either
It does pretty much the games look very epic
The lights look good in the game
It actually looks pretty impressive. I'm not gonna lie
😀😀😀
So check out their EVO 16S
It has a new narrow edge design that makes a 16.1 inch screen
possible on a 15 inch laptop body
It's pretty cool
With up to RTX 2080
with MAX-Q graphics card inside
DAMN boy!
It's not thick, it's THIN!
That's right, this laptop is thin child
But it still has that thick power
DAMN BOY !!!
DAMN that's ... BIG ...
screen.
the same real-time ray tracing GPU now if you want even more performance to
watch memes there eon 17x is their desktop replacement laptop and can now
be customized with ray tracing as you know this you know with
Off to RTX 2080 desktop class graphics card and Intel Core i nine ninth
generation desktop processor damn boy check out Origin PC link is in the
description you can also learn more about our TX graphics on Origin PC
LWIAY
* Music *
YouTube Thank You Susan very epic of you January it's always great to have
sponsors this video is sponsored by the way you guys are having a great time
I'm having a great time okay I'm getting more
viewers than ever but the subreddit now is at nine hundred and twenty thousand
subscribers Wow almost a million we can become the greatest subreddit of all
I'm really glad I'm picked that name
very proud of that one's on it's cool the real one without a million all right
first mean I just hate when I see people judge me off and insanely bias article or
even a made-up one discouraged face first time I know how you feel ninja
it's okay it's only happened to me every time it's okay I get it
PewDiePie when you gain millions of subscribers so fast that your March
Celebrating 70 million gets outdated in a month
Peter pie suffering from success if you guys could stop subscribing so quickly
that would be great because the campaign hasn't even ended yet
that's great we can hit 80 million subscribers before nine days list okay
they're like Pokemon sleeves March okay if you're not getting them all
complaining to me afterwards 80 million KUB coming soon everyone I mean it looks
pretty slick anyway that's how mafia really works
level one Stool level hundred mafia boss I'm gonna make you pump like that
copyrighted music remember when you could add music to videos anyway the
entire fanbase when they see pewds with the ears on again guys i know
you are all word for me I know the content is getting a little bit more
edgy there's nothing to worry about these are different colored see it's
it looks like they even blend into the TV how epic
that huh is pretty cool nothing to fear my friends meeting with me back in
2015 at his book signing I was 11 oh I think I remember him actually he
like cut the line or something I was in the best part of the experience was that
my mom best friend worked for the grow and i got special access there you go
I'm just kidding you thank you for remembering
coming and supporting my book it's a very nice book
I still get royalty so you guys want to buy it I mean I'm not complaining please
appreciate the fact that Peter Pye is more formal for the meme Awards than
their new year's party hey man it's all about priorities what can i say
I actually wore the shirt but they never own one else were a short shirt so
I'm like it's kind of cold anyway that's right I've got bullied into it I don't only
get bullied online people i also get bullied offline what can i say
Bowser Bowser late Fred Fred date I mean it's kind of scary how similar they look
I want them to collaborate oh my god I had eaten two Bluto on there for over 20
years and I just noticed there is a hidden animal in the mountain and my god Jesus
Christ's tongue's tongue has it all
when we have been so blind when you subscribe to PewDiePie on
Our PewDiePie submission subscribe to feed it bye
when you say that i say subscribe to peter pie is it does it
make a difference please subscribe using any other meme for me using this new
brand format so that he can achieve his dream no get out of here Brian no one
cares about you getting jaden animations to host meme review getting jaden to
animate me review yes cuz that takes no effort that all ok jaden all appreciate if
you can get it done by tomorrow thank you
if I reach 80 million subscribers I'm not saying that
There is no way I said that this point what I said good
dammit well I guess it's time for the later to
return petition to add a timer on the TV so we can see how much bride won and
brides who have to watch from the shows video you guys want to know
Everything you don't know Jesus Christ did something wrong
youtubers did it I really appreciate rice comes apology
video because it literally did everything I would parody about
apology video just deflect to other people and not take any staff
responsibility 10 out of 10 apology rice come really appreciate it
be me what does look like a version of me who is that person why
there's so many goddamn look-alikes please hose my review actually wish it's
happening wait what there's so many fake memes out there I can't tell anymore
Well I guess it's setting a little bit much
hosting meme review finally hit me in the DMS let's make this happen
very epic I am so proud of this community Hey look at that bitch lasagna
finally now I can officially say i didn't peek five years ago thank you it
that's awesome very proud PewDiePie calls me out for
mystery unbox what is he talking about PD PolyJet said nothing I just saw a
Papa Gloria The ultimate fusion newscaster guys ride the scum gift away
Amazon giftcards okay I don't know how you can stay mad at things
did you not see the part where he so generously gift away Amazon gift cards
you know what nothing says taking responsibility after you get to then
just give away like a couple of dollars here you go now we're just
PewDiePie $ 1500 PC watching me yeah you have a problem with a level 1 crook
we are boss damn guys for only 399 you can be a mafia boss as
I think PewDiePie is a fan of unions now
I'm not supposed to have my own opinion yes yes I am a fan what can I say I
buy Brad Brad steel speed
speaker pewds
what a mean man Jesus Christ found pretty pie on the beach it does
this and it's authentic Italian plastic oh yeah
oh this is heavy Italian design and leather I do not think so only zero damn
that's impressive guys I'm not subscribed to PewDiePie yet
because I'm subscriber count so I
can be an emergency subscribers when he really needs it
Wow thank you so much I'm glad we have at least some people that think ahead
what are you doing? Normie subscriber that just subscribes to my hand
yeah here is what is this first market now this long you can't hide
from the nine-year-olds Felix imagine just taking a pic of your girlfriend and
Santa and seeing that Pierce is walking in the back
imagine having a girlfriend I don't like this stop when you're the best person
2018 but you don't even get a feature in the meme Awards excuse me if Pierce
killed Hitler and Hitler killed himself next main petition to make the TV screen
green so we can memorize it on okay that should be easy
perfect poor Brad has to work two jobs
all these look-alikes goddamn nine year olds during NEMA Wars meme review me
review option six well it turns out if you want anyway so stop thinking
Six will never be anything you want to pick six
Ears of evil ears are right here
Why you can't see them?
crook $ 5,000 milk oh wow is this the one where he grows bigger I'm gonna make you
pump like that
level 35 bars damn Jesus Christ oh good stop good stop please Good stop just stop
just after more Obama's please
tsunami is silent honestly the silent island is silent q is the u
silent pierce raise two hundred and forty six thousand dollars for kids
India the media is like that bird box mean I've been living in Japan and
you know how everyone has been talking about the photo every article uses for
Puetz has been one of Japan's most successful Thank You Japan companies
gozaimasu oh very good think this is great I actually don't want to get
recognized in Japan so if Japan uses this photo that would actually help me
Out of the reason I like your pet is the Lions because I never get
recognized please don't ruin Japan, please do this guy made a beauty pie
themed ring with an NFC chip so it subscribes you to PewDiePie
when you touch it to your phones what you mean I can bro these people phones
and they'd actually subscribes to beautify that is epic
patrika dare design found my engagement ring if Pierce has no legs and Vox
bullies him that means box foolish disabled people well I can't
read so i would say that's fairly accurate thank you that's how mafia
works wait so someone stole a pose any guts
26,000 outputs that are much better in case you are sure that is
how mafia works
What Swedish youtuber PewDiePie has gained millions of
subscribers by uploading frequent commentary about what cooking oh my god
please did she actually answer that plea she answered cooking oh it's this show
there no audio frequent commentary about what yeah
video guy good gig PewDiePie very bad
thinking pause and cooking
oh I see you a dumbass correct on Suri's oh then look at that
nine-year-old in there look at that nine-year-old right there
he was like I knew that I knew that guy is that guy five I can
do that Glaus yeah bye hey before I end this video there's one thing I need to
which is something that I never thought I would do right
2019 who knows what's going on next because I'm a maverick now that's
right and I'm not afraid to say it anymore
there's nothing you can do about it now
didn't ask he demanded that I would wear this shirt and yes technically I didn't
have to do it i never agreed to do anything but at the same time he did
ask for help he did reach out he took it he took it and i appreciate it you know
I think it's safe to say that Logan Paul did not like it before it was cool but I did
think it goes to a point where he just becomes a dead meme and I was starting
To feel bad for him and you can tell he is genuinely changing and we all make it
mistakes listen I'm not trying to make it an apology video for you all I'm
saying that that is someone who's made a lot of mistakes that will
definitely haunt me for the rest of my life I think the kid deserves a break I
you really hope that with me showing my epic support it doesn't let me down
and I hope you do it so hard to be nice why it is so fucking hard you
Do you know that seeing patterns to show that Logan Paul is actually bettering himself
and you know I don't want to go down at least either
way it doesn't matter here we go everyone that's why
I'm a maverick everyone this is so weird now excuse me I'm gonna jump into a
burning lava pit and that's it for me for now see you guys next time
Okay so
at the end of this I wanted to give a shout to the last two winners of the
PewDiePie uber simulator competitions so you guys can see that the game is not dead
we had North Pole and the winner of this
theme was best / Onew so creative so cool
second place went to Lady Fantasma 2 4 9 is that sponsor eagle really dope
submissions and then the next submission the competition was real and the
winner was CommandingOfficer I'm legit impressed by you guys I feel like the
Fanciers of this game have just taken their own, which is really dope but I wanted to
love to see some more people get into this, we have all kinds of posts to
2018 like the infection of X Ruby games or won this one it's really fun to watch
download the game in the description and yes let's do some cool stuff